docs: fix broken links in ceph-object-multisite.md (#9773)
rook/rook: Documentation/ceph-object-multisite.md

This allows the ceph-object-store to replicate its data over multiple Ceph clusters.

> To review core multisite concepts please read the [ceph-multisite design overview](https://github.com/rook/rook/blob/{{ branchName }}/design/ceph/object/ceph-multisite-overview.md).

Reviewer: You'll need to put the link all on a single line, I believe the doc generation will be broken if this var is on multiple lines.

If an admin wants to set up multisite on a Rook Ceph cluster, the admin should create:

1. A [realm](ceph-object-multisite-crd.md#object-realm-settings)
1. A [zonegroup](ceph-object-multisite-crd.md#object-zone-group-settings)
1. A [zone](ceph-object-multisite-crd.md#object-zone-settings)
1. An [object-store](ceph-object-store-crd.md#zone-settings) with the `zone` section

> object-multisite.yaml in the [examples](https://github.com/rook/rook/blob/master/deploy/examples/) directory can be used to create the multisite CRDs.

Reviewer: To use this var, you will also need to add this near the top of the doc, similar to other docs that use the var:
```
{% include_relative branch.liquid %}
```

If an admin wants to set up multisite on a Rook Ceph cluster, the admin should create:

1. A [realm](ceph-object-multisite-crd.md#object-realm-settings)
1. A [zonegroup](ceph-object-multisite-crd.md#object-zone-group-settings)
1. A [zone](ceph-object-multisite-crd.md#object-zone-settings)
1. An [object-store](ceph-object-store-crd.md#zone-settings) with the `zone` section

object-multisite.yaml in the [examples](https://github.com/rook/rook/blob/{{ branchName }}/deploy/examples/) directory can be used to create the multisite CRDs.

```console
kubectl create -f object-multisite.yaml
```

The first zone group created in a realm is the master zone group. The first zone created in a zone group is the master zone.

> When a non-master zone or non-master zone group is created, the zone group or zone is not in the Ceph Radosgw Multisite [Period](https://docs.ceph.com/docs/{{ branchName }}/radosgw/multisite/) until an object-store is created in that zone (and zone group).

Reviewer: For the ceph docs we just link the latest, rather than a branch name.
```suggestion
When a non-master zone or non-master zone group is created, the zone group or zone is not in the Ceph Radosgw Multisite [Period](https://docs.ceph.com/en/latest/radosgw/multisite/) until an object-store is created in that zone (and zone group).
```

Once the admin knows the endpoint and the secret for the keys has been created, the admin should create:

1. A [CephObjectRealm](https://github.com/rook/rook/blob/master/design/ceph/object/realm.md) matching to the realm on the other Ceph cluster, with an endpoint as described above.
1. A [CephObjectZoneGroup](https://github.com/rook/rook/blob/master/design/ceph/object/zone-group.md) matching the master zone group name or the master CephObjectZoneGroup from the cluster the the realm was pulled from.
1. A [CephObjectZone](https://github.com/rook/rook/blob/master/design/ceph/object/zone.md) referring to the CephObjectZoneGroup created above.
1. A [CephObjectStore](https://github.com/rook/rook/blob/master/design/ceph/object/store.md) referring to the new CephObjectZone resource.

> object-multisite-pull-realm.yaml (with changes) in the [examples](/deploy/examples/) directory can be used to create the multisite CRDs.

Reviewer 2: How come is this working and not the previous links?

Once the admin knows the endpoint and the secret for the keys has been created, the admin should create:

> 1. A [CephObjectRealm](https://github.com/rook/rook/blob/master/design/ceph/object/realm.md) matching to the realm on the other Ceph cluster, with an endpoint as described above.

Reviewer: All of these links also need to use the branch var mentioned by Seb.

1. A [CephObjectZoneGroup](https://github.com/rook/rook/blob/master/design/ceph/object/zone-group.md) matching the master zone group name or the master CephObjectZoneGroup from the cluster the the realm was pulled from.
1. A [CephObjectZone](https://github.com/rook/rook/blob/master/design/ceph/object/zone.md) referring to the CephObjectZoneGroup created above.

> 1. A [CephObjectStore](https://github.com/rook/rook/blob/master/design/ceph/object/store.md) referring to the new CephObjectZone resource.

Reviewer 3: Should these point to the CRD docs instead of design docs? Thoughts @travisn?

Reviewer: Oh good point, the docs should only link to other docs in the Documentation folder. The designs are targeted for developers instead of admins. I'd suggest we go ahead and just fix these links to keep this PR simple, then separately review the docs to see how to rearrange the topic and avoid linking to the design docs.

Once the admin knows the endpoint and the secret for the keys has been created, the admin should create:

> 1. A [CephObjectRealm](https://github.com/rook/rook/blob/{{ branchName }}/design/ceph/object/realm.md) matching to the realm on the other Ceph cluster, with an endpoint as described above.

Reviewer: Do we really need to reference the design docs, or shall we reference the ceph-object-store-crd.md like above? The design docs are just expected to be for a developer audience, not the admins.
